belt/README.md, before:

# @chainlink/belt

A toolbelt for performing various commands on chainlink smart contracts.
This cli tool is currently used within `@chainlink/contracts` for the usage of running
build and development tools across multiple solidity contract verisions.

<!-- toc -->
* [@chainlink/belt](#chainlinkbelt)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->

# Usage

<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g @chainlink/belt
$ belt COMMAND
running command...
$ belt (-v|--version|version)
@chainlink/belt/0.0.1 linux-x64 node-v10.16.3
$ belt --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ belt COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->

<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ cd evm-contracts/
# belt compile solc
$ belt init
$ belt deploy ...
$ belt inspect ...
$ belt exec ...
$ belt call ...
```
<!-- usagestop -->

# Commands

<!-- commands -->
* [`belt box [PATH]`](#belt-box-path)
* [`belt compile [COMPILER]`](#belt-compile-compiler)
* [`belt init`](#belt-init)
* [`belt deploy`](#belt-deploy)
* [`belt inspect`](#belt-inspect)
* [`belt exec`](#belt-exec)
* [`belt call`](#belt-call)
* [`belt help [COMMAND]`](#belt-help-command)

## `belt box [PATH]`

Modify a truffle box to a specified solidity version

```
USAGE
  $ belt box [PATH]

ARGUMENTS
  PATH  the path to the truffle box

OPTIONS
  -d, --dryRun         output the replaced strings, but dont change them
  -h, --help           show CLI help
  -i, --interactive    run this command in interactive mode
  -l, --list           list the available solidity versions

  -s, --solVer=solVer  the solidity version to change the truffle box to
                       either a solidity version alias "v0.6" | "0.6" or its full version "0.6.2"

EXAMPLES
  belt box --solVer 0.6 -d path/to/box
  belt box --interactive path/to/box
  belt box -l
```

_See code: [src/src/commands/box.ts](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v0.0.1/src/src/commands/box.ts)_

## `belt compile [COMPILER]`

Run various compilers and/or codegenners that target solidity smart contracts.

```
USAGE
  $ belt compile [COMPILER]

ARGUMENTS
  COMPILER  (solc|ethers|truffle|all) Compile solidity smart contracts and output their artifacts

OPTIONS
  -c, --config=config  [default: app.config.json] Location of the configuration file
  -h, --help           show CLI help

EXAMPLE
  $ belt compile all

  Creating directory at abi/v0.4...
  Creating directory at abi/v0.5...
  Creating directory at abi/v0.6...
  Compiling 35 contracts...
  ...
  ...
  Aggregator artifact saved!
  AggregatorProxy artifact saved!
  Chainlink artifact saved!
  ...
```

_See code: [src/src/commands/compile.ts](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v0.0.1/src/src/commands/compile.ts)_

## `belt init`

Initializes a `.beltrc` file. Required for `deploy`, `exec` and `call`.

```
USAGE
  $ belt init [PATH]
ARGUMENTS
  PATH  [default: .] .beltrc filepath
OPTIONS
  -c, --chainId=chainId                  Ethereum network to send transactions to e.g. mainnet (1), rinkeby (4)
  -g, --gasPrice=gasPrice                Default gas price
  -h, --help                             show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit                Default gas limit
  -m, --mnemonic=mnemonic                Mnemonic for Ethereum wallet to send transactions from
  -p, --infuraProjectId=infuraProjectId  Infura project ID
EXAMPLES
  belt init
  belt init --chainId 4 --mnemonic 'raise clutch area ...' --infuraProjectId fdf38d... my-project/
```

Example `.beltrc` file:

```json
{
    "chainId": 4,
    "mnemonic": "person meat focus ...",
    "infuraProjectId": "fdf38d85d15e434e9b2ca152b7b1bc6f",
    "gasPrice": 40000000000,
    "gasLimit": 8000000,
}
```

> **Note:** `.beltrc` files should always be included in `.gitignore` because they contain sensitive information!
## `belt deploy`

Deploys a chainlink smart contract.

```
USAGE
  $ belt deploy [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
OPTIONS
  -g, --gasPrice=gasPrice  Gas price
  -h, --help               show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit  Gas limit
  -n, --nonce=nonce        Nonce
  -v, --value=value        Value
EXAMPLES
  belt deploy [<options>] <version/contract> [<args>]
  belt deploy v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0x01be23585060835e02b77ef475b0cc51aa1e0709 160000000000000000 300 1 1000000000 18 LINK/USD
```

## `belt inspect`

Inspects the API of a chainlink smart contract.

```
USAGE
  $ belt inspect [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
OPTIONS
  -x, --extended          show extra columns
  --columns=columns       only show provided columns (comma-separated)
  --csv                   output is csv format [alias: --output=csv]
  --filter=filter         filter property by partial string matching, ex: name=foo
  --no-header             hide table header from output
  --no-truncate           do not truncate output to fit screen
  --output=csv|json|yaml  output in a more machine friendly format
  --sort=sort             property to sort by (prepend '-' for descending)
EXAMPLES
  belt inspect [<options>] <version/contract>
  belt inspect v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator
```

Example output:

```
Function Name                                           Function Description
acceptAdmin(address)
acceptOwnership()                                       Allows an ownership transfer to be completed by the recipient.
addAccess(address)
addOracles(address[],address[],uint32,uint32,uint32)
getAdmin(address)
```

## `belt exec`

Executes a chainlink smart contract write function.

```
USAGE
  $ belt exec [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME] [CONTRACTADDRESS] [FUNCTIONSIGNATURE]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
  CONTRACTADDRESS        Address of the chainlink contract
  FUNCTIONSIGNATURE      ABI-encoded function signature to call
OPTIONS
  -g, --gasPrice=gasPrice  Gas price
  -h, --help               show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit  Gas limit
  -n, --nonce=nonce        Nonce
  -v, --value=value        Value
EXAMPLES
  belt exec [<options>] <<version/contract> <address> <fsig> [<args>]
  belt exec v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'addAccess(address)' 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD
  belt exec v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'addOracles(address[],address[],uint32,uint32,uint32)'
  [0x67b260DffCE59E890CfAe9ec733921357732f90a] [0xd9e6eCFfd3Acb20f80D1BCce3d078653B4E7f87D] 1 3 600
```

## `belt call`

Calls a chainlink smart contract read-only function.

```
USAGE
  $ belt call [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME] [CONTRACTADDRESS] [FUNCTIONSIGNATURE]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
  CONTRACTADDRESS        Address of the chainlink contract
  FUNCTIONSIGNATURE      ABI-encoded function signature to call
OPTIONS
  -f, --from=from          From address
  -h, --help               show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit  Gas limit
EXAMPLES
  belt call [<options>] <version/contract> <address> <fsig> [<args>]
  belt call v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'description()'
  belt call v0.6/SimpleAccessControl 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'hasAccess(address,bytes)' 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD '0x'
```

## `belt help [COMMAND]`

display help for belt

```
USAGE
  $ belt help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v2.2.3/src/commands/help.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

Commit message:

belt exec: Fix array input handling

belt/README.md, after:

# @chainlink/belt

A toolbelt for performing various commands on chainlink smart contracts.
This cli tool is currently used within `@chainlink/contracts` for the usage of running
build and development tools across multiple solidity contract verisions.

<!-- toc -->
* [@chainlink/belt](#chainlinkbelt)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->

# Usage

<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g @chainlink/belt
$ belt COMMAND
running command...
$ belt (-v|--version|version)
@chainlink/belt/0.0.1 linux-x64 node-v10.16.3
$ belt --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ belt COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->

<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ cd evm-contracts/
# belt compile solc
$ belt init
$ belt deploy ...
$ belt inspect ...
$ belt exec ...
$ belt call ...
```
<!-- usagestop -->

# Commands

<!-- commands -->
* [`belt box [PATH]`](#belt-box-path)
* [`belt compile [COMPILER]`](#belt-compile-compiler)
* [`belt init`](#belt-init)
* [`belt deploy`](#belt-deploy)
* [`belt inspect`](#belt-inspect)
* [`belt exec`](#belt-exec)
* [`belt call`](#belt-call)
* [`belt help [COMMAND]`](#belt-help-command)

## `belt box [PATH]`

Modify a truffle box to a specified solidity version

```
USAGE
  $ belt box [PATH]

ARGUMENTS
  PATH  the path to the truffle box

OPTIONS
  -d, --dryRun         output the replaced strings, but dont change them
  -h, --help           show CLI help
  -i, --interactive    run this command in interactive mode
  -l, --list           list the available solidity versions

  -s, --solVer=solVer  the solidity version to change the truffle box to
                       either a solidity version alias "v0.6" | "0.6" or its full version "0.6.2"

EXAMPLES
  belt box --solVer 0.6 -d path/to/box
  belt box --interactive path/to/box
  belt box -l
```

_See code: [src/src/commands/box.ts](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v0.0.1/src/src/commands/box.ts)_

## `belt compile [COMPILER]`

Run various compilers and/or codegenners that target solidity smart contracts.

```
USAGE
  $ belt compile [COMPILER]

ARGUMENTS
  COMPILER  (solc|ethers|truffle|all) Compile solidity smart contracts and output their artifacts

OPTIONS
  -c, --config=config  [default: app.config.json] Location of the configuration file
  -h, --help           show CLI help

EXAMPLE
  $ belt compile all

  Creating directory at abi/v0.4...
  Creating directory at abi/v0.5...
  Creating directory at abi/v0.6...
  Compiling 35 contracts...
  ...
  ...
  Aggregator artifact saved!
  AggregatorProxy artifact saved!
  Chainlink artifact saved!
  ...
```

_See code: [src/src/commands/compile.ts](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/v0.0.1/src/src/commands/compile.ts)_

## `belt init`

Initializes a `.beltrc` file. Required for `deploy`, `exec` and `call`.

```
USAGE
  $ belt init [PATH]
ARGUMENTS
  PATH  [default: .] .beltrc filepath
OPTIONS
  -c, --chainId=chainId                  Ethereum network to send transactions to e.g. mainnet (1), rinkeby (4)
  -g, --gasPrice=gasPrice                Default gas price
  -h, --help                             show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit                Default gas limit
  -m, --mnemonic=mnemonic                Mnemonic for Ethereum wallet to send transactions from
  -p, --infuraProjectId=infuraProjectId  Infura project ID
EXAMPLES
  belt init
  belt init --chainId 4 --mnemonic 'raise clutch area ...' --infuraProjectId fdf38d... my-project/
```

Example `.beltrc` file:

```json
{
    "chainId": 4,
    "mnemonic": "person meat focus ...",
    "infuraProjectId": "fdf38d85d15e434e9b2ca152b7b1bc6f",
    "gasPrice": 40000000000,
    "gasLimit": 8000000,
}
```

> **Note:** `.beltrc` files should always be included in `.gitignore` because they contain sensitive information!
## `belt deploy`

Deploys a chainlink smart contract.

```
USAGE
  $ belt deploy [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
OPTIONS
  -g, --gasPrice=gasPrice  Gas price
  -h, --help               show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit  Gas limit
  -n, --nonce=nonce        Nonce
  -v, --value=value        Value
EXAMPLES
  belt deploy [<options>] <version/contract> [<args>]
  belt deploy v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0x01be23585060835e02b77ef475b0cc51aa1e0709 160000000000000000 300 1 1000000000 18 LINK/USD
```

## `belt inspect`

Inspects the API of a chainlink smart contract.

```
USAGE
  $ belt inspect [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
OPTIONS
  -x, --extended          show extra columns
  --columns=columns       only show provided columns (comma-separated)
  --csv                   output is csv format [alias: --output=csv]
  --filter=filter         filter property by partial string matching, ex: name=foo
  --no-header             hide table header from output
  --no-truncate           do not truncate output to fit screen
  --output=csv|json|yaml  output in a more machine friendly format
  --sort=sort             property to sort by (prepend '-' for descending)
EXAMPLES
  belt inspect [<options>] <version/contract>
  belt inspect v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator
```

Example output:

```
Function Name                                           Function Description
acceptAdmin(address)
acceptOwnership()                                       Allows an ownership transfer to be completed by the recipient.
addAccess(address)
addOracles(address[],address[],uint32,uint32,uint32)
getAdmin(address)
```

## `belt exec`

Executes a chainlink smart contract write function.

```
USAGE
  $ belt exec [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME] [CONTRACTADDRESS] [FUNCTIONSIGNATURE]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
  CONTRACTADDRESS        Address of the chainlink contract
  FUNCTIONSIGNATURE      ABI-encoded function signature to call
OPTIONS
  -g, --gasPrice=gasPrice  Gas price
  -h, --help               show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit  Gas limit
  -n, --nonce=nonce        Nonce
  -v, --value=value        Value
EXAMPLES
  belt exec [<options>] <<version/contract> <address> <fsig> [<args>]
  belt exec v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'addAccess(address)' 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD
  belt exec v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'addOracles(address[],address[],uint32,uint32,uint32)'
  [0x67b260DffCE59E890CfAe9ec733921357732f90a 0x2aD9B7b9386c2f45223dDFc4A4d71C2957bAE19A] [0xd9e6eCFfd3Acb20f80D1BCce3d078653B4E7f87D 0x501698a6f6F762C79e4D28E3815C125E3f9Af996] 1 3 600
```

> Array inputs can be specified as a space-separated array string: `"[0x0699a397c3cf614C9a7Db23a4Be28Fc4c8F3a755 0x2aD9B7b9386c2f45223dDFc4A4d81C2957bAE19A]"`

## `belt call`

Calls a chainlink smart contract read-only function.

```
USAGE
  $ belt call [VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME] [CONTRACTADDRESS] [FUNCTIONSIGNATURE]
ARGUMENTS
  VERSIONEDCONTRACTNAME  Version and name of the chainlink contract e.g. v0.6/FluxAggregator
  CONTRACTADDRESS        Address of the chainlink contract
  FUNCTIONSIGNATURE      ABI-encoded function signature to call
OPTIONS
  -f, --from=from          From address
  -h, --help               show CLI help
  -l, --gasLimit=gasLimit  Gas limit
EXAMPLES
  belt call [<options>] <version/contract> <address> <fsig> [<args>]
  belt call v0.6/AccessControlledAggregator 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'description()'
  belt call v0.6/SimpleAccessControl 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD 'hasAccess(address,bytes)' 0xe47D8b2CC42F07cdf05ca791bab47bc47Ed8B5CD '0x'
```

## `belt help [COMMAND]`

display help for belt

```
USAGE
  $ belt help [COMMAND]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND  command to show help for

OPTIONS
  --all  see all commands in CLI
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v2.2.3/src/commands/help.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->
