integration-tests/README.md, before:

# Integration Tests

Here lives the integration tests for chainlink, utilizing our [chainlink-testing-framework](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-testing-framework).

## NOTE: Move to Testcontainers

If you have previously run these smoke tests using GitHub Actions or some sort of Kubernetes setup, that method is no longer necessary. We have moved the majority of our tests to utilize plain Docker containers (with the help of [Testcontainers](https://golang.testcontainers.org/)). This should make tests faster, more stable, and enable you to run them on your local machine without much hassle.

## Requirements

1. [Go](https://go.dev/)
2. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
3. You'll probably want to [increase the resources available to Docker](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44533319/how-to-assign-more-memory-to-docker-container) as most tests require quite a few containers (e.g. OCR requires 6 Chainlink nodes, 6 databases, a simulated blockchain, and a mock server).

## Configure

We have finished the first pass at moving all test configuration from env vars to TOML files. All product-related configuration is already in TOML files, but env vars are still used to control the log level, Slack notifications, and Kubernetes-related settings. See the [example.env](./example.env) file for how to set these environment variables.

We have defined some sensible defaults for all products, you can find them in `./testconfig/<product>/<product>.toml` files. Each product folder contains an `example.toml` file that describes all options. If you wish to override these values, you can do so by creating a `./testconfig/overrides.toml`. A detailed description of TOML configuration can be found in the [testconfig README](./testconfig/README.md), but if you want to run some tests using default values all you need to do is provide the Chainlink image and version you want to run tests on:
```toml
# ./testconfig/overrides.toml

[ChainlinkImage]
image = "your image name"
version = "your tag"
```

The `./testconfig/overrides.toml` file **should never be committed** and has been added to the [.gitignore](../.gitignore) file as it can often contain secrets like private keys and RPC URLs.

## Build

If you'd like to run the tests on a local build of Chainlink, you can point to your own docker image, or build a fresh one with `make`.

`make build_docker_image image=<image-name> tag=<tag>`

e.g.

`make build_docker_image image=chainlink tag=test-tag`

## Run

Ensure you have created a `./testconfig/overrides.toml` file with your desired Chainlink image and version.

`go test ./smoke/<product>_test.go`

Most test files have a couple of tests, it's recommended to look into the file and focus on a specific one if possible. 90% of the time this will probably be the `Basic` test. See [ocr_test.go](./smoke/ocr_test.go) for example, which contains the `TestOCRBasic` test.

`go test ./smoke/ocr_test.go -run TestOCRBasic`

It's generally recommended to run only one test at a time on a local machine as it needs a lot of docker containers and can peg your resources otherwise. You will see docker containers spin up on your machine for each component of the test where you can inspect logs.

## Analyze

You can see the results of each test in the terminal with normal `go test` output. If a test fails, logs of each Chainlink container will dump into the `smoke/logs/` folder for later analysis. You can also see these logs in CI uploaded as GitHub artifacts.

## Running Soak, Performance, Benchmark, and Chaos Tests

These tests remain bound to a Kubernetes run environment, and require more complex setup and running instructions not documented here. We endeavor to make these easier to run and configure, but for the time being please seek a member of the QA/Test Tooling team if you want to run these.

Commit message:

typos, readme update and new Seth-specific readme

integration-tests/README.md, after:

# Integration Tests

Here lives the integration tests for chainlink, utilizing our [chainlink-testing-framework](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-testing-framework).

## NOTE: Move to Testcontainers

If you have previously run these smoke tests using GitHub Actions or some sort of Kubernetes setup, that method is no longer necessary. We have moved the majority of our tests to utilize plain Docker containers (with the help of [Testcontainers](https://golang.testcontainers.org/)). This should make tests faster, more stable, and enable you to run them on your local machine without much hassle.

## Requirements

1. [Go](https://go.dev/)
2. [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
3. You'll probably want to [increase the resources available to Docker](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44533319/how-to-assign-more-memory-to-docker-container) as most tests require quite a few containers (e.g. OCR requires 6 Chainlink nodes, 6 databases, a simulated blockchain, and a mock server).

## Configure

We have finished the first pass at moving all test configuration from env vars to TOML files. All product-related configuration is already in TOML files, but env vars are still used to control the log level, Slack notifications, and Kubernetes-related settings. See the [example.env](./example.env) file for how to set these environment variables.

We have defined some sensible defaults for all products, you can find them in `./testconfig/<product>/<product>.toml` files. Each product folder contains an `example.toml` file that describes all options. If you wish to override these values, you can do so by creating a `./testconfig/overrides.toml`. A detailed description of TOML configuration can be found in the [testconfig README](./testconfig/README.md), but if you want to run some tests using default values all you need to do is provide the Chainlink image and version you want to run tests on:
```toml
# ./testconfig/overrides.toml

[ChainlinkImage]
image = "your image name"
version = "your tag"
```

The `./testconfig/overrides.toml` file **should never be committed** and has been added to the [.gitignore](../.gitignore) file as it can often contain secrets like private keys and RPC URLs.

## Build

If you'd like to run the tests on a local build of Chainlink, you can point to your own docker image, or build a fresh one with `make`.

`make build_docker_image image=<image-name> tag=<tag>`

e.g.

`make build_docker_image image=chainlink tag=test-tag`

## Run

Ensure you have created a `./testconfig/overrides.toml` file with your desired Chainlink image and version.

`go test ./smoke/<product>_test.go`

Most test files have a couple of tests, it's recommended to look into the file and focus on a specific one if possible. 90% of the time this will probably be the `Basic` test. See [ocr_test.go](./smoke/ocr_test.go) for example, which contains the `TestOCRBasic` test.

`go test ./smoke/ocr_test.go -run TestOCRBasic`

It's generally recommended to run only one test at a time on a local machine as it needs a lot of docker containers and can peg your resources otherwise. You will see docker containers spin up on your machine for each component of the test where you can inspect logs.

### Configure Seth

Our new evm client is Seth. Detailed instructions on how to configure it can be found in the [Seth README](./README_SETH.md) in this repo as well as in [Seth repository](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/seth).

## Analyze

You can see the results of each test in the terminal with normal `go test` output. If a test fails, logs of each Chainlink container will dump into the `smoke/logs/` folder for later analysis. You can also see these logs in CI uploaded as GitHub artifacts.

## Running Soak, Performance, Benchmark, and Chaos Tests

These tests remain bound to a Kubernetes run environment, and require more complex setup and running instructions not documented here. We endeavor to make these easier to run and configure, but for the time being please seek a member of the QA/Test Tooling team if you want to run these.
